Introduction: Why are we learning ReactJS?
● Why we learn ReactJS
▪ The main reason this course targets React is because a beginner level
    programmer has a much higher percentage of success rate to
    penetrate the market if they know about React.
▪ React is not that hard to learn.
▪ There is a high demand for React developers now. It is a relatively
    new technology, and most people, including developers, do not
    know about it yet.
▪ Note: Everything we have learned so far was laying the groundwork
    to become a React developer. The combination of the above reasons
    gives you a better chance of being a competitor in the market if you
    become a decent React developer
● Why is React in demand? There are so many open-source platforms
    for making the front-end web application development easier, like
    Angular. There are multiple reasons why everyone is shifting to the
    React.js library. Below are some of the main reasons:
▪ Simplicity: React’s component-based approach, well-defined
    lifecycle, and use of just plain JavaScript make React very simple to
    learn, build a professional web (and mobile applications), and
    support. React uses a special syntax called JSX, which allows you to
    mix HTML with JavaScript. This is not a requirement; the
    Developer can still write in plain JavaScript, but JSX is much easier
    to use.
▪ Performance: React allows developers to create large web
    applications that can alter data on the browser in a more
    performance-efficient way. This better performance is due to React’s
    faster DOM manipulation. We know that extensive DOM
    manipulation slows performance because the entire DOM object is
    updated for a simple change in part of the DOM. React solved this
    using a virtual DOM and by updating only the part of the
    ReactDOM that has changed, not the entire DOM.
▪ Reusability of code: React allows us to create reusable UI
    components. Reusing components will save time for developers as
    they do not have to write various codes for the same features.
▪ Speed: Better speed in the development process because different
    developers can write individual parts on both client-side and the
    server-side.
▪ Integration with other libraries: React can be used with a
    combination of other JavaScript frameworks and libraries because it
    conveniently integrates with them.
▪ Simple to learn: React is less complicated to learn (specifically
    when compared to Angular.js).
▪ Native Approach: React can be used to create mobile applications
    (using React Native). React is now upgraded and can be used for
    developing mobile native applications for both Android & iOS
    platforms.
▪ Testability: ReactJS applications are super easy to test. React views
    can be treated as functions of the state, so we can manipulate the
    state we pass to the ReactJS view and look at the output and
    triggered actions, events, functions, etc.
