What makes React faster?
    What is ReactDOM (Virtual DOM)? What makes React efficient is
    the fact that it uses the React Virtual DOM (ReactDOM) to handle
    changes on DOM.
Real DOM’s manipulation is slower for performance: DOM Document Object Model (DOM) is a
    tree-like representation of your website that gets loaded into the
    browser. DOM represents the web page (the document containing
    HTML, CSS, JS) as an object model with properties and methods.
    We use these properties/methods to select and change/manipulate the
    elements on the document.
Why real DOM manipulation is slow? Every time there is a
    change in the document (change can be CSS whereby an
    element’s background color changes to “yellow”), the
    updated element and its children must be re-rendered. This is
    a very resource-intensive process because the entire HTML
    and CSS need to be recreated and re-rendered, again. It is
    this re-rendering of the entire document object (even for a
    slight change in the document) that makes real DOM’s
    manipulation slow. React has a different way of handling
    changes on DOM, and this is where Virtual DOM comes in
    handy.
        VDOM (ReactDOM): It is the virtual representation of the
            real DOM. Every time there is a change in the DOM, it is the
            virtual DOM that gets updated, not the real DOM. This
            replica is just a JavaScript object that contains the necessary
            description of what we want to be added on the DOM later.

How does React keep track of changes in DOM?
● 1/ When new elements are added to/removed from the UI,
    React starts by creating a replica of the Real DOM, the virtual
    DOM. We said that the virtual DOM is represented as a tree,
    and each element is a node on this tree. If the state of any of
    these elements changes, a new virtual DOM tree is created.
    Note: React always keeps the previous version of the virtual
    DOM before change.
● 2/ Then the current virtual DOM is compared/diffed to the
    previous virtual DOM compares. Diffing: Comparing the
    difference between a previous version of the virtual DOM
    with the current version of the virtual DOM. Note: React uses
    an efficient diff algorithm to compare the versions of the
    virtual DOM.
● 3/ Then the virtual DOM identifies the difference between the 2 virtual DOM versions.
● 4/ Once it identifies the difference, the virtual DOM
    calculates the best possible method to make these changes to
    the real DOM. It then goes back to the real DOM and only
    updates the part that is changed.

Why DOM manipulation fast in Virtual DOM?
● Only the object that changed will be updated in the real
    DOM: When there is a change between the previous version
    of the virtual DOM and the current Version of the virtual
    DOM, React first updates the current virtual DOM. It then
    goes to the real DOM and updates ONLY the specific object
    that has changed. In short, there will be no re-rendering of the
    ENTIRE document when there is a change in the DOM,
    rather, only the change (which is the difference between the 2
    versions of the VDOM) will be inserted into the real DOM.
● React follows batch updates to update the real DOM: In
    React, updates to the real DOM are sent in batches instead of
    sending updates for every single change in state. Re-rendering
    the entire DOM object is the most expensive part, and React
    efficiently ensures that the real DOM receives only batched
    updates to re-render the UI.
