Getting started with React development: installing React,
configuring npm, using create-react-app
● Install Node.js: By this time, we can safely assume that you all have
    Node installed on your computer. Therefore, no need to download and
    install Node on your computer again. By now, we also know that
    “NPM” comes with Node
▪ Why Node: When we created React elements using vanilla
    JavaScript, we ran our code on the browser. However, when we
    create React elements using the React library, we will not use HTML
    code, but JSX to write our HTML. Browsers cannot run our JSX,
    therefore, we will use Node as a runtime environment to run our JSX code
● Using "create-react-app": "create-react-app" is a tool (built by
    developers at Facebook) that gives you a massive head start when
    building React apps. It saves you from time-consuming setup and
    configuration. You simply run one command, and Create React App sets
    up the tools you need to start your React project. If not for this tool, you
    would need to install and set up Babel, Webpack, and other modules just
    to get started
    ● Create a React app: The first thing you need to do every time you
    create a React project is to create a react app to help you set up the
    initial structure of your project.
    ▪ Syntax to create a React project: npx create-react-app
    nameOfProject
    ▪ Running this command will create a project folder with
    create-react-app, install the latest versions of React and React-DOM
    libraries, install the latest version of react-scripts, install all the
    dependencies (libraries/packages that your React app will depend on
    to properly function), and create files that will help you track these
    dependencies
▪ Syntax to create an app: npx create-react-app yourProjectName
● Example: npx create-react-app myfirstreactapp
● Change your directory to go to the React app you just created: cd myfirstreactapp
● Run/ start your React app by typing the following command: npm start
▪ A new browser window will open with your newly created React
    App. If not, open your browser and type localhost:3000 in the
    address bar.
▪ Note: When running “npm start”, if at any time you get a message
    stating “... Something is already running on port 3000. Would you
    like to run the app on another port instead? › (Y/n)…”, please just
    type “y” without the quotations to basically say “yes” and allow your
    React App to listen to another port.
