Getting started with React Development: understanding the file
structure of a React app
● Your project folder and project folder name: Your project name is
    created when you run “npx create-react-app my-first-react-project” in
    your terminal. Note: Your project name has to always be in lowercase.
● The node_modules folder: This folder contains folders of all the
    required dependencies & packages needed to build your React app
▪ Dependencies: External/third-party code/software that your project
    depends on. Example: You will see a folder for Bootstrap in your
    node_modules folder if your React project implements Bootstrap
● The public folder: It contains static files such as index. html,
    JavaScript library files, images, and other assets
▪ Index.html: index.html file in the public folder is the root file that
    displays when we run “npm start” and when the React app opens in
    the web browser. You must not delete this file.
▪ This will be the only html file in the entire react application since
    React is generally written using JSX. Also, this file has a line of
    code <div id=”root”></div>. This line is very significant since all
    the application components are loaded into this div.
● The src folder: It is your working folder where you put all the
    JavaScript files/components, CSS files, images, and other assets for
    your project.
● App.js: This is the file for App.js component. App.js component is the
    main component in React, which acts as a container for all other
    components.
● Index.js: This is a JavaScript file corresponding to our index.html. It is
    an entry point of react app. This means all your components are
    imported to this file and rendered through this file to the index.html.
▪ All of our modules are rendered here by reactDOM’s render method
    that takes 2 arguments, our components (contained under app.js) and
    the place where those components are going to be rendered at, the
    root html.
▪ ReactDOM’s render method in index.js takes our components and
    inserts them to the root index.html file.
● App.css: This is a CSS file used to provide styling for our App.js component
● Package.json and package-lock.json files: These files are created by
    npm to manage the installed dependencies you use for your React app.
